Fortifications Mt. Sterling Ky.
August the 24th, 1864

Dear Friends,

I take present opportunity of dropping you a few lines in answer to your very kind note which came to hand a few days past and was gladly received.
I was glad indeed to hear from Friends who I esteem so high as you.  I had almost come to the Conclusion that you had forgotten you old friend as I could not get any news from you, but a good and true friend is never forgetten.
I have no news of importance to write more than the boys with myself are well and in high spirits.  The boys are looking forward to the 17th of Sept. when we will once more retire to a private life.
The boys are very anxious to get out of the service, under the present program of things, and I am sure that I am Keen to retire from the service.  I have a nice little wife at home, to take care of, and things don't go on to please me.  No way.
So I have determined if I ever fight any more it wil be at home on my on footing.  I am oppose to Mr. Lincoln, and would see him ramed jammed & Cramed [rammed, jammed, & crammed] in
the bottomest pitts of hell before I would vote for him, but I don't propse to say much about that at present.  We are now at Mt. Sterling and have been here for the past four weeks, and will proberally stay here untill time to muster us out.
I have been building a Fort here.  We are getting it nearly done.  We have only one Brigade at this place.  I work from 2 to 3 hundred men every day.  Col. Hanson is Comdg the Brig.  He say that he is going to make applications to Gen. ________ Burbridge and call it Fort Chinowth.
Jasper, I would like to write you a Long letter but I am very busy so I hope you will excuse this note and I will do better next time.  I hear from our Country nearly every day & every thing is quite in that Country.  I must Close hoping to hear from you soon.
I hope you may all receive those few lines in good health.

Give my love to Co. "E".

Write soon & often.
Your friend,
Capt. I.N. Chinwosh
Comdg. Fort at Mt. Sterling